I found this data set on https://www.kaggle.com

CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)
Public Domain Dedication

No Copyright
The person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law.

You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission. See Other Information below.

This license is acceptable for Free Cultural Works.
Other Information
In no way are the patent or trademark rights of any person affected by CC0, nor are the rights that other persons may have in the work or in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who associated a work with this deed makes no warranties about the work, and disclaims liability for all uses of the work, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
When using or citing the work, you should not imply endorsement by the author or the affirmerThe authors of the databases have requested:

The data was collected from the
four following locations:

 1. Cleveland Clinic Foundation (cleveland.data)
 2. Hungarian Institute of Cardiology, Budapest (hungarian.data)
 3. V.A. Medical Center, Long Beach, CA (long-beach-va.data)
 4. University Hospital, Zurich, Switzerland (switzerland.data)
  ...that any publications resulting from the use of the data include the 
  names of the principal investigator responsible for the data collection
  at each institution.  They would be:

   1. Hungarian Institute of Cardiology. Budapest: Andras Janosi, M.D.
   2. University Hospital, Zurich, Switzerland: William Steinbrunn, M.D.
   3. University Hospital, Basel, Switzerland: Matthias Pfisterer, M.D.
   4. V.A. Medical Center, Long Beach and Cleveland Clinic Foundation:
  Robert Detrano, M.D., Ph.D.
Thanks in advance for abiding by this request..